This document contains information for the design choices, challenges, and future directions. 

Architecture Design Choices: 

The model has six configurable hyperparameters including d_model, d_vocab, d_hidden, n_layers, n_context, and n_context_max. The 
hyperparameter d_hidden will control the size of the multi-layer perceptron (MLP). The hyperparameter n_layers is used directly 
in the transformer block and sets depth of the model. Additionally, a hyperparameter of batchsize can be set when training of the model 
is called, but the parameter is not set within the configuration. 

The transformer architecture utilizes a decoder-only architecture to achieve text generation. Our team created a simple attention head 
and added positional embeddings to track word order. Prior to training, a function called Book_Dataset was created to tokenize the text from 
the book data and seperate it into sequences using n_context. The outputs from Book_Dataset are inputted directly into the training loop function
and with the consistent n_context length, the model has increased computational efficiency. Within the training process, the model uses Cross 
Entropy loss with the AdamW optimizer. 

>> missing what went well and what did not, how long training took, size of dataset  


Challenges:

Generally, working on GitHub repositories in groups can be challenging as multiple people are editing the same file at once
and our group was no exception. For example, when working on the project in class, our group faced challenges with merge conflicts
as we would pull and push new edits. From this challenge, our group was able to work on coordinating code changes, dividing up work 
within the python journal, and keeping branches up to date with careful version control practices. 

During initial training of the model, our group ran into errors due to incompatible dimensions. 

>> add more challenges with actual model implementation and how overcame the incompatible dimension size error. 


Future Directions: 

One direction the team explored but did not implement due to time constraints was a Layer Norm within the Multi-Layer Perceptron function. 


